Add Kafka Exporter support for "Recreate" deployment strategy (#7754)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/api/io.strimzi.api.kafka.model.template.DeploymentTemplate.adoc

> Use `deploymentStrategy` to specify the strategy used to replace old Pods by new ones on configuration changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `deploymentStrategy` to specify the strategy used to replace old pods with new ones when deployment configuration changes.
```

> The value can be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use one of the following values:
```

> - RollingUpdate: Pods are restarted with zero downtime.
> - Recreate: Pods are terminated before new ones are created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `RollingUpdate`: Pods are restarted with zero downtime.
- `Recreate`: Pods are terminated before new ones are created.
```

> Using "Recreate" deployment strategy has the advantage of not requiring spare Node resources, but the disadvantage of application downtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `Recreate` deployment strategy has the advantage of not requiring spare `Node` resources, with the disadvantage of application downtime.
```

> Using the `Recreate` deployment strategy has the advantage of not requiring spare `Node` resources, but the disadvantage of application downtime.

Reviewer 2: Maybe this way it sounds better and more readable?

```suggestion
Using the `Recreate` deployment strategy has the advantage of not requiring spare resources, but the disadvantage is the application downtime.
```

> .Example of setting the deployment strategy to "Recreate".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example showing the deployment strategy set to `Recreate`.
```
